doc: add the various storageclass configuration howto (#304)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/csi-driver.md

- Install `Harvester CSI Driver` from the Rancher marketplace.

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/install-harvester-csi-driver-in-k3s.png)

> ## Various StorageClass Supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Passthrough Custom StorageClass
```

> ### Various StorageClass Supported

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Various StorageClass Supported
```

Starting with Harvester CSI driver v0.1.15, you can create a PersistentVolumeClaim (PVC) based on a different StorageClass.

> The following RKE2 versions are supported for Harvester CSI driver v0.1.15 and later:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harvester CSI driver v0.1.15 is supported out of the box starting with the following RKE2 versions; for RKE1 you need to manually install the CSI driver chart:
```

- v1.23.16+rke2r1 and later
- v1.24.10+rke2r1 and later
- v1.25.6+rke2r1 and later
- v1.26.1+rke2r1 and later
- v1.27.1+rke2r1 and later

> #### Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites
```

> Please complete these perquisites on the Harvester Cluster. The Harvester CSI driver needs **RBAC** to expose error messages. This is important for displaying an error message when creating a PVC with a StorageClass that does not exist, as shown in the following figure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please add the following additional perquisites to your Harvester cluster. The Harvester CSI driver requires proper **RBAC** to display error messages. This is important for displaying an error message when creating a PVC with a StorageClass that does not exist, as shown in the following figure.
```

![](/img/v1.2/rancher/error_event_csi_driver.png)

Perform the following steps to setup **RBAC** to enable seeing error messages.

1. Create a new `clusterrole` named `harvesterhci.io:csi-driver` with the following manifest.
```
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
  labels:
    app.kubernetes.io/component: apiserver
    app.kubernetes.io/name: harvester
    app.kubernetes.io/part-of: harvester
  name: harvesterhci.io:csi-driver
rules:
- apiGroups:
  - storage.k8s.io
  resources:
  - storageclasses
  verbs:
  - get
  - list
  - watch
```

> 1. Then create the `clusterrolebinding` to associate with  the new `clusterrole` with the following manifest.

Reviewer 3: The number list on the preview page needs to be corrected. It should be `2.` but shown as `1.`.

```

>   apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
```

kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: <namespace>-<serviceaccount name>
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: harvesterhci.io:csi-driver
subjects:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: <serviceaccount name>
  namespace: <namespace>

>   ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
```

Make sure the `serviceaccount name` and `namespace` are the same as your cloud provider. Perform the following steps to see the `serviceaccount name` and `namespace` for your cloud provider.

1. Find the `rolebinding` for your cloud provider .

```
# kubectl get rolebinding -A |grep harvesterhci.io:cloudprovider
default                                 default-rke2-guest-01                                ClusterRole/harvesterhci.io:cloudprovider             7d1h
```

2. Get the `subjects` info on this `rolebinding`.
```
kubectl get rolebinding default-rke2-guest-01 -n default -o yaml |yq -e '.subjects'
```

3. Find the `ServiceAccount` info as follows:
```
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: rke2-guest-01
  namespace: default
```

> #### Deploying

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Deploying
```

1. Create a new StorageClass that you would like to use in your guest k8s cluster. You can refer to the [StorageClasses](https://docs.harvesterhci.io/dev/advanced/storageclass) for more details.

  As show in the following figure, create a new StorageClass named **replica-2**.

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/sc-replica-2.png)

  For example, create a new StorageClass on the downstream cluster as follows associated with the StorageClass created on the Harvester Cluster named **replica-2**.

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/downstream-cluster-sc-creation.png)

  :::note

  When choosing a **Provisioner**, select **Harvester (CSI)**. The parameter **Host StorageClass** should be the StorageClass created on the Harvester Cluster.

  :::
  

> 1. You can create a PVC based on this new **StorageClass**, which uses the **Host StorageClass** to provision volumes on the bare-metal cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can now create a PVC based on this new **StorageClass**, which uses the **Host StorageClass** to provision volumes on the bare-metal cluster.
```

- Install `Harvester CSI Driver` from the Rancher marketplace.

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/install-harvester-csi-driver-in-k3s.png)

### Various StorageClass Supported

> After the Harvester CSI driver v0.1.15 (check with the following `note` to see the detailed version of rke2), you can create PVC based on the different StorageClass of Harvester.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting with Harvester CSI driver v0.1.15, you can create a PersistentVolumeClaim (PVC) based on a different StorageClass.
```

> :::note
> 
> Supported CSI driver version: >= v0.1.15
> 
> Supported RKE2 version: >= v1.23.16+rke2r1, >= v1.24.10+rke2r1, >= v1.25.6+rke2r1, >= v1.26.1+rke2r1, >= v1.27.1+rke2r1, and later version
> 
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following RKE2 versions are supported for Harvester CSI driver v0.1.15 and later:
- v1.23.16+rke2r1 and later
- v1.24.10+rke2r1 and later
- v1.25.6+rke2r1 and later
- v1.26.1+rke2r1 and later
- v1.27.1+rke2r1 and later
```

> #### Preparation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Prerequisites
```

> CSI driver needs `RBAC` to expose the error message when creating PVC with the non-existence StorageClass (as shown in the following figure).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please complete these perquisites on the Harvester Cluster. The Harvester CSI driver needs **RBAC** to expose error messages. This is important for displaying an error message when creating a PVC with a StorageClass that does not exist, as shown in the following figure.
```

![](/img/v1.2/rancher/error_event_csi_driver.png)

> We need to do the following `RBAC` setup, or you can not see any error message even creating PVC with the non-existence StorageClass (Because we do the compatibility with the previous version).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Perform the following steps to setup **RBAC** to enable seeing error messages.
```

1. Create a new `clusterrole` named `harvesterhci.io:csi-driver` with the following manifest.
```
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
  labels:
    app.kubernetes.io/component: apiserver
    app.kubernetes.io/name: harvester
    app.kubernetes.io/part-of: harvester
  name: harvesterhci.io:csi-driver
rules:
- apiGroups:
  - storage.k8s.io
  resources:
  - storageclasses
  verbs:
  - get
  - list
  - watch
```

> 1. Then create the `clusterrolebinding` to associate with this. You can refer to the following manifest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Then create the `clusterrolebinding` to associate with  the new `clusterrole` with the following manifest.
```

```
  apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: <namespace>-<serviceaccount name>
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: harvesterhci.io:csi-driver
subjects:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: <serviceaccount name>
  namespace: <namespace>
  ```

> :::note
> 
> Please complete these preparations on the Harvester Cluster.
> 
> Also, the `serviceaccount name` and `namespace` should be the same as your could provider.
> 
> :::
> 
> We could check with the following steps to confirm the serviceaccount name and namespace on the cloud provider

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure the `serviceaccount name` and `namespace` are the same as your cloud provider. Perform the following steps to see the `serviceaccount name` and `namespace` for your cloud provider.
```

> 1. Found the cloudprovider rolebinding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Find the `rolebinding` for your cloud provider .
```

```
# kubectl get rolebinding -A |grep harvesterhci.io:cloudprovider
default                                 default-rke2-guest-01                                ClusterRole/harvesterhci.io:cloudprovider             7d1h
```

> 2. Get the subjects info on this rolebinding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Get the `subjects` info on this `rolebinding`.
```

```
kubectl get rolebinding default-rke2-guest-01 -n default -o yaml |yq -e '.subjects'
```

> 3. You can find the ServiceAccount info as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Find the `ServiceAccount` info as follows:
```

```
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: rke2-guest-01
  namespace: default
```

#### Deploying

> Now, let's try to create a new StorageClass that you like to use in your guest k8s cluster. You can refer to the [StorageClasses](https://docs.harvesterhci.io/dev/advanced/storageclass) for more details.
> 
> Like this Figure, we create the new StorageClass named `replica-2`.
> 
> ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/sc-replica-2.png)
> 
> We could create a new StorageClass on the downstream cluster to be associated with this as follows.
> 
> ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/downstream-cluster-sc-creation.png)
> 
> :::note
> 
> The `Provisioner` should choose `Harvester`.
> 
> The parameter `Host StorageClass` should be the StorageClass created on the Harvester Cluster.
> 
> :::
> 
> You can then use this new `StorageClass` to create a PVC based on it, which will use the above-defined `Host StorageClass` to provision volumes on the bare-metal cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a new StorageClass that you would like to use in your guest k8s cluster. You can refer to the [StorageClasses](https://docs.harvesterhci.io/dev/advanced/storageclass) for more details.

  As show in the following figure, create a new StorageClass named **replica-2**.

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/sc-replica-2.png)

  For example, create a new StorageClass on the downstream cluster as follows associated with the StorageClass created on the Harvester Cluster named **replica-2**.

  ![](/img/v1.2/rancher/downstream-cluster-sc-creation.png)

  :::note

  When choosing a **Provisioner**, select **Harvester (CSI)**. The parameter **Host StorageClass** should be the StorageClass created on the Harvester Cluster.

  :::
  
1. You can create a PVC based on this new **StorageClass**, which uses the **Host StorageClass** to provision volumes on the bare-metal cluster.
```
